good keep that back flat good
some work
five
I was fast you're only in 18 seconds if
you want to rest more all right so you
got sick kidding ham one of our trainers
sports performance coaches here at test
boys club Tinton Falls New Jersey now
the challenge is flip this 300-pound
tire around our building which is about
a hundred and forty yards and in 10
minutes or less wyd 10 minutes well I
did this myself and I did it in 14 and a
half and guess what youtube doesn't take
a video longer than 10 minutes so smell
good even after all the work I do it of
course if I learn how to edit right so
instead I made Sam do it so last time i
did it with 61 flips so he's looking for
61 in 10 minutes or under and now he's
starting to go up hill as he's going to
the front of our building all right
Sammy make sure you keep that back flat
all right now let's talk about the
benefit of this besides being fun
flipping tires for hope I like it when I
flip it so he's going to use full body
it's like a deadlift right there he's
using biceps forearms and it becomes
like an upper body press the harder he
pushes it the farther kind of skids each
time as it flips over and it's less of a
distance that he has to travel she can
hear from yells it's hard he's making it
look easy he's going very quickly this
is actually the toughest part of the
course it's a pretty good incline going
up the building here at test sports and
then we're going to turn around the
corner and we head back down its
downhill which would be a lot easier
I keep that back flat now as you get
tired you're going to want around had to
drive into that tire so now Sam is
stronger than I am when I did this I was
doing at intervals for Flip's rest the
rest of the minute each time he's going
a much quicker pace so we're for me the
limiting factor we strength limiting
factor frame here is going to be
cardiovascular abilities since he's able
to just keep going
that's it Sam doing great right by the
entrance I have no idea how many flips
you did since I'm actually just talking
over this but no one's in the distance
you went it's going to be right around
60 you are only two minutes and 40
seconds in and you're almost halfway
Oh
haha
you
so besides a strength exercise this is
obviously going to be aerobic anaerobic
because it's going to drive his heart
rate up because he is using pretty much
everything he's using back he's using
his arms using his four arms legs core
this is big-time Trent how you doing Sam
you don't want to talk you won't even
face the camera say hello Sam oh good
cutting the corner tight that's smart
you must be ready to get home for dinner
you are going fast
oh yeah all right the first half one
pretty fast let's say three minutes and
42 seconds since we need you to be done
in less than 10 minutes you got a lot of
room to play with and go lie down for a
while how you feeling Oh auntie harden
no Isaac how's your core thing that
started to get me was having to you know
kicked that knee so much that I
definitely started to feel low abs and
hip flexors uh-huh well you're feeling
tomorrow and Sunday a little Monday all
right that was around her all right few
folks watching out there he's got to
stay a little bit lower and keep his
back flat even though he's going to
drive into that tire that was good so
he's got to protect the back because if
he rounds that disc in between the
vertebrae has a major load on it so if
you're training athletes out there or 20
30 40 year olds that are in really good
shape this is a really good tool this is
his entire workout he did a dynamic
warm-up and you have to do a cool down
stretch we're done but this is his
entire workout because it is full body
and aerobic anaerobic
oh so this section is pretty much a flat
section we're about to turn the corner
of the building you'll see here and then
from there it's all downhill ah which I
think he's just about ready for well Sam
they'll be no catching you on this
because you are killing my time you win
oh no what we we're not going to get him
here to do this ah he thinks this is
nonsense where is the rest why didn't
you rest
Oh
ah
good all right you can see right down
there by the end of the building is
right about where we started so we have
got about buildings about 40 yards long
he's got maybe 30 yards left and just
now hitting six minutes am so you're
good you're doing great Oh four minutes
are under your home free ah hi Mike
Oh tell him if he was smart he just flip
it once and rolling so Michael he's
doing is taking a full trip around as
quickly as he can and he is flying
through this so again if you guys
trained athletes you got a 300-pound
tire like this and are a little bit
heavier maybe you have access to a field
time your guys if you have a few tires
and see who can finish that hundred
yards first since we're doing 140 and
right now we're just a little shy of
seven minutes maybe you guys can get
that done in who knows four or five
minutes ah seems a little more efficient
we're not looking for efficient we're
looking for a challenge oh alright so
you got to bring it to that crack in the
in the driveway there that's the same
spot you started your move I'll do that
for you then it doesn't count though
there'd be a team effort I'm okay and I
like that because I don't we have to
flip about five or six times you did the
other 55
725 and you got about four or five flips
lift give it a good shove because it's
downhill you get a little extra skid
send it flying Oh shove it there you go
good ah not a boy love enough time to
interview you ah that's it Sam
ah
757 but sushi look like how those hands
look like how bad just a little dirty
there's no bleedin don't look like
you're sweating breathing a little heavy
guess what I don't want to put that away
I got a white shirt on man you guys
leave a oh yeah